# MongoDB-CRUD
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

The best way to write programs that are maintanable readable and adaptable is to have them organized in a module which will have the proper functions which in this case is fromt he MongoDB API which allows to read, create, update and delete instances inside the MongoDB databases and for this reason it easier for code to be readable, maintable and adaptable to any situation that might required the CRUD functionality of MongoDB. The adavantages of having an already build CRUD funcitonality using the python programing and MongoDB is the fact that we can efficiently use these functions when trying to analyze the data such as applying it on a pie graph or implementing a dashboard which can have an easy to use dashboard, the possibilities of using the CRUD python module is endless because it allows for various of analyzing data.


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

The way I approach the assignments similar to other classes is the fact that I fully analyzed my own code to make sure that their is no errors and most of the time there is always errors but the purpose of achieving the assigments goal takes time and dedication to fully get it perfectly and that is what I took to approached the requirements is to be patient and read. The strategies that I would take for future client request is similar to how I always been doing it by understanding my errors, reading issues, investigation previous similar errors and modifying the code properly. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientist use their creative mindset to build something new but have step of achiving these goals through planning and correction and these traits matter because a computer science has to understand the basics of planning and correction to tackle any computer science projects since their is endless of projects that all differentiate to one another which is why this matters the most. The types of projects that I worked here help companies such as Grazioso Salvare do their work better by fully analzying the data to see proper trends and possibly predicting info that can be fed into a predicitng algorithm such as a regression algorithm that might need proper data to be fully analyze so no outliers or nosiy data can damage the trends or predicting data.
